assets/logo-explanation.md, before:

# Logo explanation

Designer of this logo comes from chemistry community. Some inspirations of organic and crystallography may be found in this logo:

- The cubics, representing tensor blocks, looks like unit cell in crystal.
- The letter `T` is denoted as a stick capped by a ellipse. This looks like C<sub>2</sub> rotation (180 degree 2-fold rotation) axis of [space group diagram symbols](http://img.chem.ucl.ac.uk/sgp/misc/symbols.htm).
- Clockwise (R) and counter-clockwise (S) refers to [chirality in organic chemistry](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chirality_(chemistry)) (see also [absolute configuration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Absolute_configuration)). R and S refer to rectus and sinister, Latin for right and left, respectively.

## Color choice for RSTSR Logo

You may see red/blue/green colors in this logo. This may be too fancy. Even bad in the prespective of aesthetic.

Those colors have its original source:

- Red (E70012): From various figure sources in [Nintendo website](https://www.nintendo.com/). Also, character "R" is the first Latin character of Chinese pinyin "Ren-Tian-Tang" of "任天堂", the Japanese name (in Kanji) of Nintendo.
- Blue (0070D1): Extracted from left-upper logo in [PlayStation website](https://www.playstation.com/). Also, character "S" appears in "PlayStation".
- Green (107B10): From various figure sources in [Xbox website](https://www.xbox.com/). I tried to find some connection of character "T" with Xbox, but only found this character appears in "Microsoft", the producer of Xbox brand.

As a gamer, I've played a lot on Switch, PS5 and Steam. The third color was initially something related to Steam, however, the navy-blue-like color seems not bright enough compared to theme color of Nintendo and PlayStation.

Commit message:

Logo to be ABBA-like style (#24)

assets/logo-explanation.md, after:

# Logo explanation

Designer of this logo comes from chemistry community. Some inspirations of organic and crystallography may be found in this logo:

- The cubics, representing tensor blocks, looks like unit cell in crystal.
- The letter `T` is denoted as a stick capped by a ellipse. This looks like C<sub>2</sub> rotation (180 degree 2-fold rotation) axis of [space group diagram symbols](http://img.chem.ucl.ac.uk/sgp/misc/symbols.htm).
- Clockwise (R) and counter-clockwise (S) refers to [chirality in organic chemistry](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chirality_(chemistry)) (see also [absolute configuration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Absolute_configuration)). R and S refer to rectus and sinister, Latin for right and left, respectively.

The characters design (mirror-like ambigram) is somehow inspired by logo of ABBA.

## Color choice for RSTSR Logo

You may see red/blue/green colors in this logo. This may be too fancy. Even bad in the prespective of aesthetic.

Those colors have its original source:

- Red (E70012): From various figure sources in [Nintendo website](https://www.nintendo.com/). Also, character "R" is the first Latin character of Chinese pinyin "Ren-Tian-Tang" of "任天堂", the Japanese name (in Kanji) of Nintendo.
- Blue (0070D1): Extracted from left-upper logo in [PlayStation website](https://www.playstation.com/). Also, character "S" appears in "PlayStation".
- Green (107B10): From various figure sources in [Xbox website](https://www.xbox.com/). I tried to find some connection of character "T" with Xbox, but only found this character appears in "Microsoft", the producer of Xbox brand.

As a gamer, I've played a lot on Switch, PS5 and Steam. The third color was initially something related to Steam, however, the navy-blue-like color seems not bright enough compared to theme color of Nintendo and PlayStation.
